   Croatian Serbs say they will fight property confiscation

   A top Croatian Serb lawmaker said Monday that his party would fight
   three new laws which Serbs believe could mean the disappearance of
   Croatia's Serb minority.

   Veselin Pejnovic, the vice president of the tiny Serb Popular Party,
   said his party planned a court battle against laws that required Serbs
   who fled fighting in the Krajina region in August to return by late
   December or lose their homes and farms.

   The United Nations estimated Monday that more than 180,000 people fled
   the Krajina since it was retaken by the Croatian army in early August,
   and has said that harassment, looting and burning were reported into
   this past week.

   Pejnovic accused Serbia of cooperating in what amounted to massive
   property theft, with Serbs benefiting from the "ethnic cleansing" of
   northern Bosnia. "Zagreb and Belgrade have formed a partnership to
   split the land between them while paying no attention to the people,"
   he said.

   If the court challenge fails, as is likely, Pejnovic said his party
   would boycott legislative elections set for October 29, which he
   described as a "farce."

   The lawmaker, whose party holds three of 138 seats in the lower
   chamber, said that they had also approached the World Court at The
   Hague and asked for the laws to be condemned.

   The laws in question were officially published Monday and, according to
   Croatian law, will go into effect in four days.

   Two cover how Serbs can avoid confiscation of their property by
   claiming it in person and with deed in hand. The original deadline was
   extended to December from September, which rights groups had said was
   virtually impossible because of the difficulties and expense of getting
   a passport.

   As recently as Saturday, John Shattuck, the US assistant secretary of
   state for human rights, said he was concerned about the Serbs' right to
   return to the Krajina, which has been largely Serb for hundreds of
   years.

   The third law establishes a census for 1996 and would create a status
   "without citizenship" for people who have a home in Croatia but do not
   live here. Essentially it means that thousands of Croatian Serbs would
   lose their citizenship.

   Pejnovic, who estimated that between 30 and 40 percent of Croatian Serb
   wanted to return, described the new laws as Zagreb's attempt to ensure
   that Serbs do not return -- "ethnic cleansing."

   "The refugee crisis is something that both Zagreb and Belgrade actually
   want," he said.
