   A threat to shell a Canadian peacekeeping camp near Sarajevo passed
   without incident Wednesday but Canadians still kept watch atop
   observation posts for Serb army movements.

   The Serb threat to shell the camp in Visoko within 48 hours passed by
   mid-afternoon. The threat forced troops to adopt a high alert status,
   filling sandbags, posting more look-outs and wearing flak jackets.

   By dusk Wednesday, a cautious sense of relief spread through camp as
   military data indicated no repeat of a Serb rocket attack on Sunday
   which caused minor damage to a builing.

   ``It's still seen as a possibility but getting more remote by the
   day,'' Capt. Tom Newton, a camp spokesman, said of the possible attack
   in a telephone interview. ``There's little reported activity in the
   camp area.''

   Canadians monitor Serb army troop and vehicle movements around their
   camp by several means, including radio reports from 55 Canadians being
   detained by Serbs at observation points and other locations near
   Visoko.

   ``People are uncomfortable with the whole idea of shelling obviously,
   but they get used to the idea and get on with their job,'' said Newton,
   30, a native of Victoria, B.C.

   The camp was at the alert level of orange during daylight Wednesday and
   was to stay at orange during the night. Orange requires personnel to
   wear flak jackets outside. Non-essential trips outside camp are
   cancelled.

   The camp went to the highest level of red Monday night, forcing
   personnel to sleep in bunkers and sea containers inside two camp
   buildings.

   About 400 Canadians remain in the Visoko camp at night. Since Monday,
   100 non-essential personnel have slept in nearby Kiseljak. They return
   to camp during the day.

   Newton said there was no breakthrough Wednesday in negotiations to free
   55 Canadians detained by Serbs at various sites near Visoko.

   Things did not go well Wednesday for UN Secretary General Boutros
   Boutros-Ghali who went to Sarajevo to work for a ceasefire and to
   persuade Serbs to stop detaining 400 UN troops as insurance against
   NATO airstrikes.

   Serb leaders refused to meet him and the UN head was jeered by Sarajevo
   residents while visiting the Muslim-led Bosnian government.

   Prime Minister Jean Chretien spoke of the dilemma in an interview with
   Paris daily Le Monde on Wednesday, saying, ``The peacekeepers in Bosnia
   have become a sort of armed Red Cross, in a badly defined role.

   ``To be in Bosnia is difficult for us,'' Chretien said. ``It's a
   European problem, and we are North Americans. The Americans want to
   control everything, and fight down to the last Canadian and
   Frenchman.''

   Of the NATO nations, France has 4,354 men in Bosnia, the largest single
   contingent. Canada has about 2,000.

   In the Visoko area, Maj. Dean Milner, the senior officer among Canadian
   detainees, makes daily contact with his soldiers and Serb commanders.

   ``Everything has been pretty cordial so far and they've (detained
   Canadians) been treated fairly,'' said Newton, adding the 55 Canadians
   are regularly supplied with goods.

   Newton said the Serb threat has reduced peacekeeping efforts and
   humanitarian aid in the area.

   Soldiers also worry about the effect of media reports on Bosnia on
   their families in Canada.

   ``Everybody in camp just wants to give a call home and let everybody
   know they're OK,'' said Newton.
