   UNITA Expected Back in Luanda, Battle Fronts Tense 

   UNITA rebel leaders are expected to return to Luanda next week for the
   first time in two years to start putting a power-sharing agreement into
   effect, a government official said Thursday.

   Battle fronts remained quiet but tense after a truce that took effect
   Tuesday. UNITA's Radio Vorgan accused government troops of several
   military actions across the country but said rebel troops were still
   respecting the cease-fire.

   Vorgan claimed government planes dropped leaflets over Andulo, a key
   rebel-controlled airstrip in central Angola, threatening an imminent
   attack.

   There were no claims of truce violations from the government side, nor
   any verification of UNITA claims by a U.N. mission, which plans to
   deploy 7,000 peacekeepers only once the truce is seen to be holding.

   Since signing a treaty to end their 19-year civil war on Sunday in
   Lusaka, Zambia, government and rebel negotiators have made swift
   progress on completing the accord's small print.

   Chief government negotiator Gen. Pedro Neto said Thursday he expects
   UNITA representatives to meet in Luanda, the capital, next Tuesday with
   the government and U.N., U.S., Russian and Portuguese officials who
   brokered the accord.

   Neto said the first item at the talks would be establishing centers
   around the country for rebel soldiers to surrender their arms and be
   demobilized or integrated into the national army or police.

   U.N. mediators have proposed 12 sites but UNITA demands 16, claiming
   difficulties in moving their troops in some areas.

   Talks in Luanda whould be a step toward allowing UNITA's leadership,
   including rebel chief Jonas Savimbi, back into the capital.

   Savimbi returned to war after losing 1992 elections he claimed were
   fraudulent.

   Savimbi missed Sunday's signing, claiming he was trapped by a
   government offensive, and he and President Jose Eduardo dos Santos
   appointed proxies to sign for them.

   A direct meeting between the two leaders could now be discussed in the
   Luanda talks.

   Fighting died down a few hours after Tuesday's cease-fire but the road
   to peace remains precarious.

   The 65-page treaty took a year to negotiate and will take more than a
   year to implement, with the deadline Jan. 29, 1996. Only then would
   runoff elections take place between dos Santos and Savimbi to complete
   1992's unfinished balloting.

   Some 500,000 Angolans have died in the 19-year war that erupted on the
   eve of independence from Portugal in 1975. Starvation and disease
   threatens millions.
