   Israeli foreign minister refuses to comment on Ayash death

   Israeli Foreign Minister Ehud Barak refused to comment Monday on
   accusations by Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat that Israel murdered
   Yehia Ayash, a bombmaker for the Islamic Resistance Movement (HAMAS).

   "I would prefer not relate in any way to the Ayash case," said Barak
   here after a working lunch with his French counterpart Herve de
   Charette.

   Ayash, 29, a chemical engineer and considered Israel's public enemy
   number one, was killed Friday by a booby-trapped mobile telephone which
   blew up in his face as he was dialling a number from his hideout in the
   Gaza Strip.

   Israel made no official claim of responsibility for Ayash's death, but
   there was generally little doubt that the assassination was organised
   by the Shin Beth internal security agency.

   Arafat, who is expected Monday evening in Paris, accused Israel of
   Ayash's death. Restating his pledge to respect the peace process, he
   invited Israel to do likewise.

   Speaking on French radio, Israeli ambassador in Paris Avi Pazner on
   Monday said "good riddance" following the announcement of Ayache's
   death.

   In refusing to comment on these words, Barak showed his desire to avoid
   controversy some 10 days before the first elections in the automous
   territories, observers said.

   He added that he was "cautiously optimistic" about Israeli-Syrian peace
   talks begun two weeks ago outside Washington. However, he said it was
   "too early" to predict exactly when a Syrian-Israeli peace accord could
   be signed.

   De Charette said that "until now, the peace process has developed in
   almost perfect conditions" and he said he believed the process could
   continue.

   He also reiterated France's willingess to contribute to the success of
   the process, saying: "We are willing to be useful in every way
   possible."

   "Economic development offered the best guarantee of peace," he added.

   Israel holds Ayash responsible for five suicide attacks which killed 45
   people and wounded 340 between April 1994 and August 1995.
