   Communists poised to form government in Nepal by Kedar Man Singh 

   Nepal's communist party was poised to form a minority government late
   Monday after the once-ruling Nepali Congress (NC) decided to enter the
   new parliament as an opposition party, a party official said.

   After a two-hour meeting, the Nepali Congress central committee said it
   would hand over the baton to the Nepal Communist Communist Party-United
   Marxist and Leninist (NCP-UML), which was expected to form a minority
   government later Monday.

   The move capped a decision Saturday, when the NC's central committee
   turned down an offer by the NCP-UML to sign up to a cross-party
   national coalition government.

   When the NC as well as the royalist Rastriya Prajatantra Party (RPP)
   decided to stay out of such a grouping, the communists decided to press
   on with forming a minority administration.

   "We have already taken a firm stance about forming a minority
   government, expecting other political parties including the NC, to
   (tacitly) support us," NCP-UML central committee member and secretary
   Ishwor Pokharel declared Monday.

   All parties are scheduled to table a vote of confidence in the
   communist government within a month after the minority administration
   is formed.

   Koirala confirmed Monday that he would tacitly support the NCP-UML. The
   pro-Indian Nepal Sadvhabana Party (NSP) has also announced its firm
   support of a minority government, a move which has surprised political
   observers in Nepal.

   King Birendra of Nepal had asked all the parties to submit their
   majority claims early on Monday.

   Any planned political grouping would have required 103 seats to form a
   majority government.The November 15 mid-term polls threw up a hung
   parliament, with the NCP-UML securing 88 seats out of 205, while the NC
   garnered 83.

   The RPP -- which has at various stages been mooted as a possible
   coalition ally for both the communists and the NC -- came in with 20.
   But the RPP announced last week that it preferred to remain as an
   opposition force in parliament and let the communists form the
   government.

   The decision to become the country's opposition has left the NC divided
   into two camps.

   On the one hand, former prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala and his
   supporters saw the results as a clear signal from the Nepalese people
   to step down from government, and take up seats on the opposition
   benches.

   But on the other, a group of young newly-elected NC MPs -- known as "NC
   Turks" -- have been frantically trying to seal a power-sharing
   agreement with other parties and are firmly against going into
   opposition, an NC source said.

   The NC's parliamentary party is also meeting to decide its new leader
   but ex-PM Koirala is expected to be re-elected to the post, the NC
   source added.

   India has been worried about the possibility of a communist government
   in Nepal, which it fears could affect other South Asian nations.
