   News Analysis: Thai PM-Apparent Faces Tough Challenges Ahead

   Thaksin Shinawatra, who apparently will become Thailand's next prime
   minister due to his Thai Rak Thai Party's overwhelming victory in
   yesterday's general election, will face tough legal and policy
   challenges ahead as he is determined to take the job, analysts said
   here Sunday.

   For the fast-rising billionaire politician, analysts said now the
   problem is not if he can take the premiership, but how to deal with his
   personal legal problem and the mammoth task to save the country's
   stagnant economy.

   In the short term, Thaksin's future as prime minister hinges on the
   country's Constitution Court, which will give a final verdict over his
   asset case within three months.

   Last month, the National Counter Corruption Commission ruled that
   Thaksin intentionally concealed his assets when he served as a deputy
   premier in a previous cabinet in 1997.

   If the Constitution Court upholds the ruling, Thaksin will be thrown
   out of office and barred from politics for five years.

   The court said after seeing an obvious election victory for Thaksin
   that it will adhere to principles of law in handling the case, and will
   not bow to any pressure even if Thaksin will be given the top job in
   the next government.

   The same criteria as used in considering the case against Sanan
   Kachornprasart, former secretary-general of the ruling Democrat Party,
   will apply on Thaksin. Sanan was finally convicted by the court on an
   asset case and banned from entering politics for five years.

   "If the court convicts Thaksin, a Thai Rak Thai-led cabinet's stability
   will be in danger," Sanan commented on Sunday.

   For sure, Thaksin's conviction will lead to a chaos in his government
   even the whole country, analysts said.

   If surviving the case, he will still find it difficult to fulfill his
   campaigning promises to raise the living standard of poor people and
   pull the country out of current economic stagnancy.

   While the central bank of Thailand predicted the economy will expand by
   4 percent this year, most analysts gave their pessimistic views.
   Experts of the ING Barings Bank have even warned the kingdom would face
   a recession if the global economy slows down and domestic consumption
   remains sluggish.

   Economic woes have long been the headache of the current premier Chuan
   Leekpai, who is furiously blamed by Thaksin for the slow pace of
   economic recovery since he took office amid the depths of economic
   crisis in 1997.

   However, the headache will soon be Thaksin's if he replaces Chuan in
   one or two months' time as expected. And he must do better than Chuan
   if he wants to keep the trust of the people, analysts said.

   Chulakorn Singhakowin, chairman of the Thai Bankers' Association said
   at a press conference today that he had heard some negative comments
   from foreign investors, who showed little confidence in the new
   government to steer the country's economy toward sustainable recovery.

   Thaksin's policy on the debt suspension for farmers nationwide and the
   establishment of a national asset management company have drawn harsh
   criticism from economists who said such a move would put the country at
   risk as the public debts would rise dramatically.

   Respected economist Ammar Siamwala warned that although the Thai Rak
   Thai Party's policies will contribute to short-term benefits for people
   from all walks of life, they could create staggering financial burden
   that must be borne by future generations of taxpayers.

   He described as a serious risk the party's debt moratorium plan which
   would exempt farmers from interest payment of 18 billion baht (418
   million U.S. dollars) per year out of the principal of 300 million baht
   (seven million dollars).

   Political scientist Prayad Hongthong said that many voters who opted
   for Thaksin's party were jumping on the bandwagon, without much real
   faith in him.

   "There will be a 'honeymoon period' of few months between Thaksin and
   his supporters after he takes office, but he needs to move quickly to
   fix various economic problems or he will soon face certain crisis, " he
   said.
