   Gonzalez: Jesus bumper stickers are 'insurrection'

   The freedom of speech case Morse vs. Frederick involving high school
   student rights has come to the attention of U.S. Attorney General
   Alberto R. Gonzales.

   The controversy began when student Joseph Frederick unveiled a 14-foot
   banner reading "Bong Hits 4 Jesus" as the Olympic torch was carried
   through the streets of Juneau, Alaska. Principal Deborah Morse
   suspended him for five days for violating the school's no-drug policy.
   The punishment was increased to ten days when Frederick refused to turn
   in his cohorts.

   In response, thousands of teens across the nation began affixing "Bong
   Hits 4 Jesus" stickers to automobiles, mailboxes, and other
   high-visibility areas causing millions of dollars in personal property
   damage.

   "This is a well-banked attack," said Gonzalez to The Spoof. "Millions
   of stickers isn't cheap. We are investigating whether it is centrally
   funded or coming out of the pockets of the individual perpetrators."
   "We will be treating these crimes as drug offenses," stressed the
   attorney general. "An insurrection of drug addicted students will not
   be tolerated."

   The American Civil Liberties Union was outraged at Gonzalez's
   statements. "These are just kids standing up for Joseph's rights," said
   ACLU spokesman Matthew Christianson. "Joseph orchestrated a publicity
   stunt using some politically charged words. Would he have been
   suspended if the sign read 'Satan is our master' instead? A toast to
   our Lord with one of His own creations is somehow worse?

   "The taggers are committing acts of vandalism at worst, that is all,"
   said Christianson. "Charging them with a drug offense would ruin so
   many of their chances to pursue further education. Is that what we
   really want for our more civic-minded students?"

   The Justice Department is determined to prosecute. "There have been
   numerous instances of these criminals sabotaging the vehicle's
   operation which could bring charges of domestic terrorism," said
   Gonzalez.

   The ACLU doesn't agree that a potato plugging an exhaust pipe need be
   raised to the level of suicide bomber. The Spoof also notes that the
   SUVs targeted are gas guzzlers.
