   South China Rare Birds Bred in North China

   Chinese ornithologists have successfully bred a number of rare bird
   species, which inhabit in semitropical areas in south China, in
   Shanhaiguan, a famous scenic spot in north China's Hebei Province.

   The rare species, which include peacock, silver pheasant, thrush and
   parrot, have been multiplied in the city's bird breeding center, said
   an ornithologist.

   Yellow River Delta to Add Forests

   A total of 66,700 hectares of forests will be added in the Yellow River
   delta in east China's Shandong Province in the coming six years.

   Sources say that trees will be planted on the newly-added land due to
   silt accumulation since 1934, raising the afforestation rate to 30
   percent from currently 12 percent. The project will cost 284 million
   yuan (about 34 million US dollars).

   North China Province to Set up Garbage-Incinerating Power Plant

   The first phase of construction of a garbage-incinerating power plant
   has been recently approved by the State Development Planning
   Commission.

   The Qili Urban Garbage-incinerating Power Plant in Shijiazhuang,
   capital of north China's Hebei province, believed to be the first of
   its kind in north China, will cost about 120 million yuan (14.5 million
   US dollars).

   More Efforts Urged to Improve Environment in North China

   Environmentalists have called for more afforestation efforts in the
   wake of the dust and sand storms that hit Beijing, Inner Mongolia
   Autonomous Region, Shaanxi Province, and other parts of north China
   this spring.

   Low vegetation coverage rate is to blame for the dust and sand storms,
   according to meteorologists, and the forest coverage is less than one
   percent in some areas in north China.

   More Birds Inhabit in N. China Nature Reserve

   Efforts made by China's nature conservation staff are turning Dalai
   Lake near China's north border into a better home for birds.

   A latest survey conducted by a group of scientists showed that nearly
   100 species of birds are now inhabiting around the lake which has been
   set as one of China's some 1,000 nature reserves.

   China Builds Ecological Demonstration Zones

   China, worrying about a worsening environment, will take effective
   measures to turn 140 of its 2,000 counties and prefectures into
   ecological demonstration zones over the next five years.

   These counties and prefectures are to meet the economic, social, and
   environmental requirements of China's sustainable development strategy
   in 2005.
