   Chinese telecommunications company issues shares: report 

   A telecommunications company in China's eastern Zhejiang province
   Thursday offered 40 million locally-traded shares to the public, the
   Shanghai Securities News daily said.

   Dongfang Telecommunications Company's "A" share issue, priced at 10.8
   yuan (1.3 dollars) per share, would raise funds for the company to
   import advanced technology and to produce personal telecommunications
   systems.

   The "A" shares are restricted to domestic investors and are to be
   listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE), the report said.

   The company, the first Chinese enterprise to make mobile
   telecommunications equipment, produces cellular telephones in
   cooperation with Motorola Inc. of the United States.

   The newspaper said another three companies, including a department
   store in northwestern Xinjiang province, would issue shares in Shanghai
   soon.

   Xinjiang Urumqi Youhao Department Store said in its listing prospectus
   it would issue 27 million "A" shares priced at 4.2 yuan Tuesday to
   raise 108 million yuan to expand shopping space and improve shopping
   environment.

   The department store, which is the first shareholding commercial
   retailer in Xinjiang, posted a net profit of 15.78 million yuan and a
   sales turnover of 366.21 million yuan in 1995.

   It has forecast a net profit of 17.52 million yuan and a sales turnover
   of 393.4 million yuan this year and a net profit of 20.85 million yuan
   and a sales turnover of 43.27 million yuan for next year.

   The report said Shanghai Minfeng Industrials Co. Ltd. had received
   approval to issue 19.5 million "A" shares for listing on the SSE soon
   while Sichuan Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. would issue 26.6 million "A"
   shares through SSE.

   Further details of the two issues were not immediately available.

   Meanwhile, Nanjing Panda Electronics Co. Ltd., which was listed on the
   Hong Kong Stock Exchange in May, announced it would issue 28 million
   "A" shares for listing on the SSE Monday.

   The company has a total of 7,545 employees engaged in the production,
   sales, and after-sales service of television sets, videos players,
   satellite telecommunications systems, mobile phones and other
   electrical equipment.

   It has forecast a net profit of 222.3 million yuan and a sales turnover
   of 4.003 billion yuan for this year compared to a net profit of 161.7
   million yuan and a sales turnover of 3.38 billion yuan last year.
