   China Expands Foreign Cooperation in Onshore Oil Production 

   China is actively exploring international oil markets, alongside
   efforts to tap huge oil and gas resources domestically, by inviting
   foreign partners, according to a senior Chinese oil official.

   President Wang Tao of the China National Petroleum Corp (CNPC) said in
   an interview with Xinhua today that China has expanded Sino-foreign
   onshore oil cooperation to 21 provinces and autonomous regions,
   covering a total area of nearly 2.5 million sq km.

   So far, China has signed 34 contracts worth 627 million US dollars with
   32 foreign oil giants in terms of oil and gas risk exploration and
   technical services.

   China, meanwhile, has developed a cumulative crude oil and gas
   production capacity of 40.5 million tons and 500 million cu m by taking
   advantage of various foreign-supplied loans totalling 9.94 billion US
   dollars.

   The senior oil official added that China is also making headway in
   exploring oil and gas resources in foreign countries.

   To date China has already signed five oil contracts abroad and has
   successfully obtained a share-holding, operational and development
   rights in a series of foreign oil fields.

   The CNPC president noted that China has made marked breakthroughs in
   undertaking international oil engineering construction projects.

   He said that China signed contracts worth 400 million US dollars with
   Kuwait alone in 1995 on building oil storage facilities and oil
   pipelines. Moreover China exported oil technological equipment worth 39
   million US dollars in the same year.

   The president noted that amid fierce international competition, China
   has won bids for a series of important projects in recent years,
   including the construction of five large oil and petrochemical projects
   in Kuwait with total investment of more than three billion US dollars,
   and the construction of five highways for transporting petroleum in
   Pakistan.

   The official stressed that China will further expand Sino-foreign
   cooperation in oil and gas risk exploration, enhancement of oil
   recovery in aging oil fields and construction of long-distance oil and
   gas pipelines by adhering to the principle of equality and mutual
   benefit.
