   They Haven't Won A Game With Him Yet, But Bullets Are Wild About Webber

   In less than two weeks, Chris Webber has gone from being unhappy and
   uncertain about his future to being perhaps the most popular athlete in
   the nation's capital.

   Tuesday night's Bullets-Knicks game marked the fourth consecutive
   sellout at USAir Arena since Webber was traded to the Bullets from the
   Golden State Warriors. It hardly mattered that the Bullets lost their
   first three games with Webber. He has brought hope, excitement and
   charisma to a young, rebuilding team.

   According to Webber, the good times have just begun.

   ``We're a better team now than before we made the trade,'' said Webber,
   discussing the blockbuster deal that sent him to the Bullets in
   exchange for Tom Gugliotta and three first-round draft picks.

   ``I'm supposed to think like that. That's not cocky or meant as any
   disrespect to Tom Gugliotta. I respect him as a player and as a person.
   But I have confidence in myself.''

   Why not? Webber, a 6-foot-10-inch power forward, was the NBA's Rookie
   of the Year last season. And no one questions the 21-year-old's
   multidimensional skills as a rebounder, shot-blocker, intimidator and
   scorer.

   Jim Lynam, the Bullets' coach, had the pleasure of coaching Charles
   Barkley with the Philadelphia 76ers, and Lynam sees a lot of Barkley in
   Webber.

   ``I think it's a fair comparison -- I don't mean skill for skill, but
   as an extraordinary athlete at the position,'' said Lynam.

   And by joining the Bullets, Webber left behind his strained
   relationship with Don Nelson, the Warriors' coach and general manager.
   Webber no longer wanted to play for Nelson, and their differences
   forced the Warriors to make the deal.

   Webber was portrayed by many as being spoiled and selfish for
   challenging one of the league's most-respected coaches and for leaving
   a contending team. But Webber said today that the criticism was worth
   the gain. And he continued to avoid discussing the specifics of his
   rift with Nelson.

   ``It wouldn't do anything but just raise discussions and have people
   write articles,'' Webber said of his refusal to reveal why he and
   Nelson could not resolve their differences.

   ``I'm not trying to blast that man. He does what he does, he did what
   he did, it's over with. I can sleep good at night. I'm happy now. I
   couldn't sleep during the summer, and that has never happened before. I
   don't need to bash him. The truth comes out. I know I still have the
   support of people in that organization. A lot of the teammates call me
   every day. I'm not trying to judge anybody. I just had a problem with
   him. He wouldn't talk to me, I wanted to leave.''

   Webber, a Detroit native who can be a restricted free agent after the
   season, said that he hopes to remain with the Bullets instead of
   pursuing a contract with the Pistons. Joining the Bullets has reunited
   Webber with Juwan Howard, the rookie forward who played with Webber at
   Michigan. So far, Lynam has been happy with Webber, even though the
   addition of Webber and Howard has altered the Bullets' chemistry.
   Washington was 4-1 before the trade was made.

   ``The people here are very excited, and rightfully so,'' said Lynam
   while discussing the team's outlook.

   ``You do the best you can. I can't put a timetable on it. Literally,
   your guess would be as good as mine, or the guy that buys the tickets
   could guess as to when we'll gel. But we have more talent now than when
   we started the season.''

   Now Webber wants to repay the new fan support with a few victories.s.

   ``A lot of people are saying, `I told you so', because I'm here and
   we're losing,'' Webber said. ``That's fine. I'm not a loser. I've never
   lost with any team. We're going to win in the future. I'm not happy
   that we're losing, but I know we're paying our dues and I know our day
   is going to come. And that's going t make it much sweeter.''
