   Russia To Consult With Wise Old Woman Of Woods

   Reeling from economic chaos, political instability, and a bitter conflict
   in Chechnya, Russian leaders announced plans Monday to seek the aid and
   advice of "Baba Mat," the Wise Old Woman Who Lives In The Land Of Many Tall
   Trees Beyond The Black Mountains.

   "We seek the counsel of Baba Mat only as a last resort," Russian
   president Vladimir Putin said. "As everyone in the land knows, Baba Mat
   can be both benign and malevolent. She can make the lowliest peasant
   mightier than a czar and crush a king like a mayfly. But this fearsome
   sorceress is our only hope: The people have no bread on their
   trenchers, bandits run wild in the streets, and our foreign debt
   exceeds $40 billion."

   Putin said he hopes to acquire from Baba Mat the Legendary Enchanted
   Cod, which can produce a roe of pure gold. He added that his economic
   advisers recommended the plan, arguing that the gold would do much to
   reduce Russia's hard-currency shortage and outstanding foreign debt, as
   well as make Putin the most beloved hero in the land.

   Putin's announcement was met with criticism from those familiar with
   the wily old hag.

   "[The move] shows the extent of Russia's desperation in this
   post-Communist era," said Nadine Halberstadt, a professor of Russian
   history at Stanford University. "Until now, only children lost in the
   forest or exiled princes found an audience with Baba Mat, and it was
   certainly not by choice. For all dread Baba Mat, with her hair of
   blazing straw, her lanky limbs which she uses to cut the thickest
   timbers, her teeth the color of brimstone, and her love of eating
   little blond-haired children."

   Over the years, Russo-Wise Old Woman relations have been shaky at best.
   In the summer of 1968, Soviet premier Leonid Brezhnev asked Baba Mat to
   supply him with a magic goose egg that would help Soviet troops invade
   Czechoslovakia and put down its fledgling reform movement. Baba Mat
   would only consent if the Soviet government stopped cutting timber in
   the Land Of Many Tall Trees. Brezhnev agreed, the goose egg was
   transferred, and Czechoslovakia was successfully invaded.

   In the fall of the same year, however, Brezhnev ordered loggers back to
   work in the area containing Baba Mat's forest home. An infuriated Baba
   Mat avenged the broken deal by locking up the Mystical Rooster Who
   Beckons The Rosy-Fingered Dawn in her root cellar for 12 months. The
   rooster's imprisonment prevented the sun from rising in the Soviet
   Union, destroying the harvest and bringing the nation to a virtual
   standstill.

   Baba Mat has also been known to dispense punishment in a manner that
   can only be seen as arbitrary. In 1985, for reasons that still elude
   many Russian experts, she turned Soviet premier Konstantin Chernenko
   into a decrepit yak and made him plow her turnip fields until he
   collapsed and died. Ten days later, she drank the entire Caspian Sea, a
   vital body of water prized for its fisheries and salt deposits and as a
   waterway for oil tankers bound northward up the Volga River.

   "Put bluntly, Baba Mat is not to be trusted," Halberstadt said. "It is
   questionable whether she has ever had Russia's best interests in mind.
   And even now, it is widely rumored that the reason Chechnya has been
   able to hold off a ferocious Russian attack for months is because the
   old woman permitted Chechen rebel leaders to touch the Sacred Talisman
   Of Invincibility guarded by the Great Triple-Tusked Boar Of The
   Forest."

   Particularly critical of Putin is Gennadiy Zyuganov, current leader of
   the Communist Party of the Russian Federation.

   "Given what has happened in the past, Putin is no less than a traitor
   for seeking out the double-crossing Baba Mat," Zyuganov said. "It is
   beneath a head of state's dignity to consort with a witch. When the
   great Lenin formulated his New Economic Policy, he sought the advice
   and aid of no less a personage than Jack Frost himself."

   As befitting her status as a power broker, Baba Mat frequently exacts a
   high price for her assistance. Yuri Suslov, a kindly old woodcutter who
   lives at the edge of The Land Of Many Tall Trees, has long been
   familiar with the sinister virago's ways.

   "I do not envy the Russian president, for Baba Mat will demand of him a
   great many things," Suslov said. "For use of the Enchanted Cod, she may
   ask of him a feather of the awesome Fire Bird, the Golden Apron of the
   Princess Of The Five Steppes, or, most daunting of all, the fabled
   Matryoshka Doll Of No Known End. Perhaps all three. She often works in
   threes."

   When asked for comment by reporters gathered outside her woodland
   cottage, Baba Mat said: "Russian, Russian, who dares approach my door;
   I'll make your bones rattle to the core! Bring me ambrosia, bring me
   mead; then I may give you what you need!"

   She then turned the reporters into magpies and flew off into the sky in
   her magical black cauldron.
