   Versatile University President Does Well in Politics 

   Pan Yunhe has many roles. He is a university president, an engineering
   academician, a computer specialist and a painter. And, most recently,
   he was elected a deputy to the Ninth National People's Congress (NPC),
   China's top legislature.

   The Ninth NPC will hold its first annual session next month in Beijing.
   "The session will be one of great significance as China's reform and
   opening-up enter a new stage and key reform will be under way in many
   fields," said the bespectacled president of Zhejiang University in east
   China.

   "I can feel the heavy responsibility on my shoulders," 52-year-old Pan
   Yunhe said, explaining that although he had taken government jobs
   before, this is the first time that he will deliberate weighty state
   affairs with other NPC deputies on the country's overall situation.

   During his boyhood, Pan received professional training in fine arts and
   majored in architecture at Tongji University in Shanghai. He obtained a
   master's degree in artificial intelligence while taking traditional
   Chinese painting as an elective course.

   Since he began devoting himself to computer graphics in 1980, he has
   been absorbed in the limitless and imaginative realms of both modern
   computer technology and traditional Chinese drawing.

   Through arduous endeavors during the past decade and more, Pan and his
   assistants managed to develop advanced computer-aided drawing systems
   which matched similar creations by foreign computer experts. The
   systems have been widely applied and brought about remarkable social
   and economic returns.

   In 1994, Pan was elected vice-president of Zhejiang University after
   serving as dean of the university's computer department and director of
   the artificial intelligence institute. A year later, he became the
   president.

   Under Pan's leadership, the university undertook diversified reforms in
   teaching, scientific research and recruitment, and put special emphasis
   on fostering students with profound knowledge, professional competence
   and comprehensive quality.

   He said he was making an overall review of his teaching and research
   work during the past decade so that he could contribute more to
   promoting the country's scientific and educational undertakings both at
   the NPC session and in his future years at the university.
